Step 1: Create a copy of the dataset
Instructions
Create a copy of the dataset file using this link.
Inspect the observations and features to familiarize yourself with the dataset.
Note: if you are using a different LLM, you will need to download this file to upload to the LLM for context.

Step 2: Verify dataset understanding
The LLM interface you are working with has been pre-loaded with the dataset for this lab.

Instructions
Write the following prompt:
👤💬 Prompt 1
I am working with the pre-loaded dataset with records of sleep parameters to help my friend understand whether they are experiencing stress while they sleep. Explain the dataset to me so I know you understand it.

Step 3: Understanding confidence intervals
Background
You can now work with the LLM to help you interpret the confidence intervals you constructed previously in the practice labs.

Here is a good process for prompting:

Paste in your prompt and submit it.
Evaluate the response. Was it accurate to the data? Was it helpful?
Ask a follow up question or revise your prompt.
If the LLM appears to be wrong: "Are you sure about that? Explain your answer", or point out where it is wrong. Sometimes it will give you solutions using features for a tool you're not working with (such as Microsoft Excel rather than Google Sheets), be on the lookout for those!
If the LLM didn't answer your question. "I was actually asking [clearly stated request]. Does this change your answer?"
Instructions
Ask the LLM help with interpreting your results from the Google Sheets lab.

👤💬 Prompt 1
I constructed a 95% confidence interval for the mean REM sleep. The interval is [18.817,19.964]. Explain what these results mean.

Follow-up: How can I visualize this information to present it clearly? Which elements should the visualization have?

👤💬 Prompt 2
I also found the 90% confidence interval, being [18.910, 19.872]. Can you help me interpret this interval? How does it compare to the 95% interval?

Step 4: Building a confidence interval
You want to analyze the sleep score during weekdays, which is when your friend is more active and needs a better rest.

Instructions
Try Prompt 1 to get a confidence interval
Did the LLM run any code? Do you trust the results?
Try Prompt 2, to get step by step instructions. Try the solution in Google Sheets.
If something doesn't work, iterate with the LLM until you get a working result. Depending on the problem, try with prompts like:
"There is an error in the formula. This is the message I am getting: [copy error message]. Please help me fix it"
The function [function name] does not exist in Google Sheets. Please help me fix that.
"This is too elaborate. Can you suggest a simpler method?"
Were the initial results of the LLM correct?
👤💬 Prompt 1
Based on the data provided, provide me with the 95% confidence interval of the SLEEP SCORE during weekdays.

Follow-up: Are you certain about your calculations?

👤💬 Prompt 2
Can you please provide clear step by step instructions on how to calculate that confidence interval using Google Sheets?

Follow-up: Are there any common errors I should watch out for when calculating confidence intervals in Sheets?

Congratulations!